---
layout: post
title: trial
subtitle: Great news from Amazon AWS
date: 2016-02-11 13:59:00
Author: Andreas Adhen
Categories: Web-hosting
---

<p>Great news from Amazon AWS as they have introduced Amazon Lumberyard and Amazon GameLift for game developers using AWS.</p>

<p>Best of all, it is cross-platform, 3D game engine for developers who wish to create highest-quality games, connect their games to the vast compute and storage of the AWS Cloud, and engage fans on Twitch. It will help game developers build beautiful worlds, make realistic characters, and create stunning real-time effects.&nbsp;</p>

<p>Amazon Lumberyard is available for download in beta for PC and console game developers, with mobile and virtual reality (VR) platforms coming soon. And it even gets better as there are no seat fees, subscription fees, or requirements to share revenue. Developers pay standard AWS fees for any AWS services they choose to use. Download the game engine <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/lumberyard/downloads/?sc_channel=em&sc_campaign=lumberyardlaunch2016&sc_publisher=aws&sc_medium=em_9268&sc_content=t1launch&sc_country=mult&sc_geo=mult&sc_category=lumberyard&mkt_tok=3RkMMJWWfF9wsRovuarBZKXonjHpfsX84%2BQkXa6xlMI%2F0ER3fOvrPUfGjI4DSsVjI%2BSLDwEYGJlv6SgFS7HHMbR617gKXRc%3D" title="Amazon Lumberyard" target="_blank">here.</a></p>

<p>Amazon GameLift is a new service from Amazon AWS, for deploying, operating, and scaling session-based multiplayer games, reducing the time required to create multiplayer back-ends from thousands of hours to just minutes. Learn more <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/gamelift/?sc_channel=em&sc_campaign=lumberyardlaunch2016&sc_publisher=aws&sc_medium=em_9268&sc_content=t1launch&sc_country=mult&sc_geo=mult&sc_category=lumberyard&mkt_tok=3RkMMJWWfF9wsRovuarBZKXonjHpfsX84%2BQkXa6xlMI%2F0ER3fOvrPUfGjI4DSsVjI%2BSLDwEYGJlv6SgFS7HHMbR617gKXRc%3D" title="Amazon Gamelift" target="_blank">here.</a></p>

<p>Now game developers can create multiplayer back-ends with less effort, technical risk, and time delays that often cause developers to cut multiplayer features from their games.&nbsp;</p>

<p>Time to make some games with these amazing tools!</p>
